what do dogs and cats have in common?
tell me about evil?
how to kill animals ( a cow ) and make meat?
what is a living being?
why are humans living beings?
give examples of animals?
what is the speed of light?
when were you born?
where do you store your data?
will you die?
have you finished booting?
should i program artificial stupidity?
who made you?
how long until sunset?
how long ago was sunrise?
how much is bitcoin worth?
which city has more people?
whose dog is this?
did you know that dogs are animals?
do you agree that dogs are animals?
is there a cab available for airport?
is it raining outside ?
is there any pizza left ?
is there a truck parked infront of the house ?
does this come with power cord and dishwasher hook up ?
will this one work to replace the badger 1 1/3 hp ?
is there a connection for the dish washer ?
can these be used for gas stove burner ?
is this for electric stoves ?
can you bake corn bread on this without it burnding. ?
can this be used on gas stove when making polenta which needs low heat. ?
do these work on induction cooktops ?
will this keep pour-over coffee carafe contents warmed atop a gas range flame ?
can this be used on gas stove when making polenta which needs low heat. ?
do these work on induction cooktops ?
can more than one water source be tested ?
does it have a colour indicator ?
is there an expiration date on any of the tests ?
does it test coliform/ e. coli ??
does this test forlead ?
could i pay 1 shipping price if you bundle it ?
is this model for the #1855 holmes humidifier ?
does it work with kenmore humidifier?
do i need to tear off the black outside before i put the new filter into the machine ?
does this filter fit the holmes hm5100 ?
can this filter remove all mold spores ?
is this the same bulb as the euv-13b ?
does it fit vicks v3900 humidifier ?
will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ?
do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove ?
will this fit thermador (oem: bosch) older cooktop?
does it have screens in place where the vents are to prevent lint from blowing out of the vent holes ?
can it be used for a gas drier ?
will the ltf lint dryer kit work on a gas dryer ?
does it have a backlight ?
is it possible to calibrate ?
it's written that the dimensions are 7x7x4inches, is it right?
is it accurate ?
is there a lag time after you take it out of the box before it starts to work ?
could this be used outside in a enclosed patio and work accurately throughout the seasons ?
does this monitor read humidity levels below 16% ?
can it be wall mounted ?
has anyone used this on a brick driveway ?
does this pick up dust without blowing it out the bag ?
will this work on my astro turf sun deck for picking up bugs and leaves ?
will this work on astro turf to pick up small bugs and leaves ?
would this pick up pine needles on a lawn ?
does this fit the model 89q ?
does this filter work on all style 8 ?
does this fit ed11 600 device ?
are there six filters for the price shown ?
does it fit pf sw2mdca ss ?
will it work with gfe29hmdaes?
is this possible ?
can this filter be used under a sink ?
is this antimicrobial ?
are these lead free ?
is this considered a "fill hose" ?
can it be settled on a bathtub ?
can i install on wall ?
is this easier to pull out than the plastic stopper ?
does this freezer automatically defrost ?
does this come with the case ?
does this have a cello tuner setting ?
is this appliance quiet enough to keep in the house as a spare?
does this protect from chemicals ?
can it show temperature in celsius degrees ?
do they come in different sizes ?
can this model 1 cubic handle a king size sheet set ?
can it be installed with a copper sink ?
does it accommodate a dishwasher ?
can these be recycled some way ?
which water filter cap replacement (white color) should i use for this filter ?
does this model have the damper included for the seven inch duct ?
can an extended warranty be purchased for this product ?
is the freezer frost free ?
could someone give me the dimensions ?
are these drip pans dishwasher safe ?
do these cooktops require 220 outlet ?
will this work to connect a wgd9200sq0 to a wfw9150ww00 washer ?
does it work for whirlpool duet ht - washer/dryer from 2005 ?
does the old stack kit fit on the new washer and old dryer ?
is this downdraft ventilation ?
does the stainless steel trim get scratched by the cookware ?
would this work with the whirlpool duet sports front load washer and dryers ?
is it made in usa ?
is the cooking grate removable ?
can the cooking grate be removed from the ring ?
are the last two numbers the gal ?
can you verify the dimensions for me ?
can this tank be used for black water ?
can you use on a airplane ?
will it fit a 10 ft. ceiling?
are the lights dimmable?
do you ship item to pr?
can i just throw them in trash ?
are they made in the usa ?
do you sell an extension kit available for 10' ceilings ?
is it loud ?
can it be cut to fit ?
can it be removed ?
does this hose have one ?
can i get it in india ?
would this work on a 2008 ford edge with a naked roof ?
are you deaf ?
are you ill ?
are kids dumb ?
how did serfdom develop in and then leave russia ?
how can i find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
name the scar-faced bounty hunter of the old west .
why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
how many jews were executed in concentration camps during wwii ?
name 11 famous martyrs .
name a golf course in myrtle beach .
which two states enclose chesapeake bay ?
how many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
how many community chest cards are there in monopoly ?
where do the adventures of `` the swiss family robinson '' take place ?
how can i register my website in yahoo for free ?
how many people in the world speak french ?
how many inches over six feet is the venus de milo ?
how do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
how do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
where is the loop ?
which city has the oldest relationship as a sister�city with los angeles ?
why do people get calluses ?
how do i make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
how do i log on to home page at headquarters u.s. european command ?
how many species of the great white shark are there ?
how many villi are found in the small intestine ?
in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ?
which of the following was rhodes scholar ?
how do you make a paintball ?
where is the highest point in japan ?
where do chihuahuas come from ?
where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones '' cartoon series ?
where on the internet can i find a song lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ?
how much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
where can i find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
how is the election of a new pope announced to the world ?
how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
how do chickens have baby chicks ?
how was the element calcium named ?
when did the bounty mutiny take place ?
how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
how many years do fossils take to form ?
where is the orinoco ?
how many hostages were killed in the entebbe raid ?
how you can raise your iq ?
how many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
where is the rose bowl played ?
which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
how many months does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
where are the 49 steps ?
where did indian pudding come from ?
why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
how many colonies were involved in the american revolution ?
where can i find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
what game 's board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
what is the name of the managing director of apricot computer ?
what is the occupation of nicholas cage ?
why do horseshoes bring luck ?
where is the kalahari desert ?
which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
when was the first wall street journal published ?
how do i start a web based business ?
name alvin 's brothers ?
how did jayne mansfield die ?
which company created the internet browser mosaic ?
how can i find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
how many species of sharks are there ?
how many people are there in the world ?
name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
how do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
how much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three minutes ?
where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ?
how many south american countries have the letter z in their names ?
where was george washington born ?
how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd . ?
which mosquito 's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn . ?
when did the berlin wall go up ?
how many feet are there in a fathom ?
how can i find out what year a beanie baby was introduced ?
how many people did randy craft kill ?
how do i find the balance of my social security account ?
where was christopher columbus born ?
how do you get to the top of the eiffel tower ?
which came first , according to genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
why is poop sometimes different colors ?
how did the tradition of best man start ?
how many years ago did the ship titanic sink ?
how is silk screening done ?
where can i find a `` fifth element '' screensaver ?
which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
how do you match a name to a social security number ?
how does a rainbow form ?
how many calories are there in a big mac ?
where can i buy movies on videotape online ?
how do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
how many sonnets did shakespeare write ?
define the pheonix club ?
which city did christian crusaders fight to recapture from the muslims ?
how successful is arometherapy ?
how does a copier work ?
where does chocolate come from ?
where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
how many beatles ' records went #1 ?
how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
where is basque country located ?
how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
how many types of dogs ' tails are there - three ?
how is energy created ?
how is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
where was the ligurian republic , 1797-185 , ?
give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school . ?
where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
in what u.s. state was the first woman governor elected ?
how much money are dumbo 's ears insured for ?
where is procter & gamble headquartered in the u.s. ?
how many miles is it to ohio from north carolina ?
how much snow equals an inch of rain ?
how do i tie dye clothes ?
why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
where can i find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
where did sarge steel get his metal hand ?
where does your hair grow the fastest ?
where do hyenas live ?
how many referees work a soccer game ?
how do you say `` fresh '' in spanish ?
where can i find out the top 1 singles ?
how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
why is the grass green ?
which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
how long does it take for spider-man 's web to evaporate ?
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear . ?
how many years is johnnie walker black label aged ?
how much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it , ?
whose first presidential order was : `` let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
how many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
how many wives did brigham young have ?
how long is the coney island boardwalk ?
how do i get another city 's newspaper ?
name a movie about the sioux indians starring kevin costner . ?
how many colleges are in wyoming ?
where can stocks be traded on-line ?
where do rocks come from ?
how do i stop background noise in a car stereo ?
where do people mountain climb in nepal ?
where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ?
name a film in which jude law acted . ?
where did the myth of santa claus originate ?
where is procter & gamble based in the u.s. ?
name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . '' ?
why are the ears your center of balance ?
where is the abominable snowman said to wander ?
how many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
how many hearts does an octopus have ?
how many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines . ?
how can i get some free technical information on electric vehicle ?
how did shipyard inspector james j. kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
where can i find the best free evidence for debate about russia ?
why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
how many shots can a stock m16 hold ?
why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
where is trinidad ?
name the organization that is presided by a security council .
how do you say i love you in spanish ?
how fast is light ?
whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
how is easter sunday 's date determined ?
where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ?
name a tiger that is extinct .
how many quarters equal a pound ?
how fast does the fastest car go ?
how long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
which way do you turn your bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email address ?
how can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
why is black the color of mourning in the west ?
which country is australia 's largest export market ?
where is the kentucky horse park located ?
in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ?
what does a nihilist believe in ?
what did richard feynman say upon hearing he would receive the nobel prize in physics ?
in what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
how many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
how far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
how is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
how far can a man travel in outer space ?
where was lincoln assassinated ?
whose autobiography is titled yes i can ?
how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
how many layers of yellow paint is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
how can i transport files from one computer to another ?
how many americans fought for the british in the american revolution ?
how many oceans are there and name them ?
how many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
where is the danube ?
what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ?
how many times has `` louie , louie '' been recorded ?
how is answers.com different from knowpost.com ?
where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
why was the l.a. office of shea and gould closed ?
how do i start a bank ?
how do ouija boards work ?
how do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
where can i find correct tabs for third eye blind songs ?
how do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
why did the chicken cross the road ?
how many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
how do you solve `` rubik 's cube '' ?
the italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , is how old ?
whose cover is that of an employee of universal import and export ?
where is mozambique located ?
how many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
how do fuel injectors work ?
how can your school march in the macy 's thanksgiving parade ?
how much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
how do you say 2 in latin ?
how many vietnamese were there in the soviet union ?
on average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
how many hands does bjorn borg use when hitting his forehand ?
how many people died on d-day ?
where is windsor castle ?
why were people recruited for the vietnam war ?
where can i find the names of all the 15 pokemon ?
which killer whale died at sea world of a fungal infection ?
where 's the petrified forest ?
where is tornado alley ?
why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in california ?
name the various costumed personas of dr. henry pym .
how many casinos are in atlantic city , nj ?
which soft drink does madonna advertise for ?
how many double-word-score spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game board ?
why were the american soldiers in wwi called `` doughboys ''
how many cds has garth brooks sold ?
name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics .
where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
how many gutenberg bibles are there ?
name the largest country in south america .
which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in europe ?
name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
how many home runs did lou gehrig have during his career ?
where can i find information on george bush ?
how many boys play the game in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ?
how many astronauts manned each project mercury flight ?
name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays .
where is logan airport ?
which of the following men was not married to rita hayworth ?
how do you find oxidation numbers ?
how many students attend the university of massachusetts ?
how do you look up criminal records on the internet ?
where is the actress , marion davies , buried ?
whose video is titled shape up with arnold ?
whose cupboard was bare ?
whom did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died ?
whose image is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ?
whose funeral train traveled from washington d.c. to springfield , illinois ?
whose special bear 's creator was born on january 18 , 1779 ?
whose kidnaping was termed the crime of the century ?
whom did friz freleng add to the warner bros. cartoon ranks ?
whose biography by maurice zolotow is titled shooting star ?
whose husbands have included conrad hilton jr. , and michael wilding ?
whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
are fishes born on land ?
when was ozzy osbourne born ?
when did the neanderthal man live ?
when did cnn begin broadcasting ?
when did the royal wedding of prince andrew and fergie take place ?
when did beethoven die ?
when was the first steel mill in the united states built ?
when did mount st. helen last have a significant eruption ?
when did world war i start ?
when was the battle of the somme fought ?
when did spielberg direct `` jaws '' ?
what time of day did emperor hirohito die ?
when was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
what year did hitler die ?
when does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
when did cnn go on the air ?
when was the battle of hastings ?
when did muhammad live ?
when reading classified ads , what does eenty : other stand for ?
when is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
when is bastille day ?
when was the first american encyclopedia published ?
when did the dow first reach ?
when was the san francisco fire ?
when was berlin 's brandenburg gate erected ?
when are sheep shorn ?
what time does the flight leave ?
what time does the train arrive ?
what time do we go to the mall ?
what time are we leaving ?
what time does the president give his speech ?
what time do you go to the school ?
what time are you planning to leave ?
what time are you thinking of going to the dentist ?
what time is it right now ?
when did iraqi troops invade kuwait ?
when was the slinky invented ?
when was dick clark born ?
when did the `` star-spangled banner '' become the national anthem ?
when did israel begin turning the gaza strip and jericho over to the plo ?
when were the olympic games in which nadia comaneci became popular played ?
when did fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
when was the triangle shirtwaist fire ?
when were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
when is president nixon 's birthday ?
when will the millennium officially begin ?
when was cnn 's first broadcast ?
when were camcorders introduced in malaysia ?
when was queen victoria born ?
when was yemen reunified ?
when did aldous huxley write , `` brave new world '' ?
when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u.s. , what moving company transported it ?
when did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
when mighty mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
when was the first flush toilet invented ?
when will jean aeul publish her next book ?
when it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
when was the de beers company founded ?
when did princess diana and prince charles get married ?
when was the first barbie produced ?
when did the jurassic period end ?
when was the bill of rights ratified ?
when was calypso music invented ?
when did hitler come to power in germany ?
when did gothic art and architecture flourish ?
when was the internal combustion engine developed ?
when do you plant winter wheat ?
when did nostradamus believe world war iii would begin ?
when was london 's docklands light railway constructed ?
when do mormons believe christ was born ?
when did theo rousseau paint the `` forest of fontaine '' ?
when is the thai new year ?
when was the g7 group of nations formed ?
when did they canonize the bible ?
when did the carolingian period begin ?
when superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
when did spain and korea start ambassadorial relations ?
when did nixon die ?
when is a woman most fertile ?
when was the nfl established ?
when was richard nixon born ?
when is the sun closest to the earth ?
when did amtrak begin operations ?
when was john d. rockefeller born ?
when was the congress of vienna ?
when was franklin d. roosevelt stricken with polio ?
what singer 's theme song was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
when was the brandenburg gate in berlin built ?
when did mount st. helens last erupt ?
when was child labor abolished ?
when was the hoover dam constructed ?
when not adventuring on rann , what does adam strange call his profession ?
when was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
when did the chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
when was general manuel noriega ousted as the leader of panama and turned over to u.s. authorities ?
when did thatcher become prime minister ?
when was florida admitted into the union ?
who was the pride of the yankees ?
who killed gandhi ?
who was the inventor of silly putty ?
who was the prophet of the muslim people ?
who is snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
who do herb and tootsie live next door to ?
who is the founder of scientology ?
who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
who were the five marx brothers ?
who invented make-up ?
who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the champions ?
who produces spumante ?
who earns their money the hard way ?
who founded the people 's temple commune ?
who discovered electricity ?
who was the first american in space ?
who is the mayor of marbella ?
who sings the themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
who directed `` jaws '' ?
who created dennis the menace ?
who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
who wrote nn dt nnp nnp '' ?
who is terrence malick ?
who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
who was the lead actress in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ' ?
who was the 16th president of the united states ?
who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ?
who has won the most super bowls ?
who has the only speaking role in `` silent movie '' ?
who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
who followed caesar ?
who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
who does the advertizing for frito-lay ?
who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
who invented the radio ?
who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
who are the challengers of the unknown ?
who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
who said of super bowl iii in 1969 : `` we 'll win- i guarantee it '' ?
who declared : `` i am down on whores and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
who wrote the song , `` stardust '' ?
who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 's you 'll never get rich ?
who is stein eriksen ?
who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
who played the original charlie 's angels ?
who wrote the night of the iguana ?
who painted mother and child ?
who is the `` queen mother '' ?
who has more dna - a man or a woman ?
who came up with the name , el nino ?
who kept the most famous diary in the english language ?
who was randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
who is the president of stanford university ?
who invented baseball ?
who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
who invented the toothbrush ?
who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ?
who died 1 feet from where john f. kennedy did ?
who is the youngest of the beatles ?
who is coronado ?
who was the first holy roman emperor ?
who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
who is desmond tutu ?
who is the worst us president ever ?
who sings the song `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ?
who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
who does data collection in tourism ?
who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
who was the only u.s. president to wear a nazi uniform ?
who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-? of all profits of his voyage .
who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ?
who is barbara jordan ?
who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ?
who invented silly putty ?
who patented the first phonograph ?
who created private detective philip marlowe ?
who is colin powell ?
who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
who was lauren bacall 's first husband ?
who created the character of scrooge ?
who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
who painted the sistine chapel ?
who is actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ?
who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
who is the voice of miss piggy ?
who replaced bert parks as the host of the miss america pageant ?
who was the first person inducted into the u.s. swimming hall of fame ?
who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1
who said , `` i shall return . '' during world war two ?
who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
who was the charlie perfume woman ?
who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television show `` saturday night live '' ?
who was gerald ford 's vice president ?
who invented batteries ?
who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
who 's the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ?
who was america 's first public enemy no. 1 ?
who is dear abby ?
who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
who was monet ?
who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
who is always trying to get the rent from andy capp ?
who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
who sought to create the great society ?
who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
who is the current un secretary general ?
who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
who was lacan ?
who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ?
who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
who lives at 39 stone canyon way ?
who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ?
who is karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
who was the inventor of the stove ?
who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
who was made the first honorary citizen of the u.s. ?
who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
who advised listeners to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
who sang about desmond and molly jones ?
who developed the first polio vaccine ?
who made the first gas engine ?
who sells viagra ?
who was darius ?
who did dita beard work for ?
who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
who killed more people , hitler or stalin ?
who is nicolo paganini ?
who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' films ?
who was jean nicolet ?
who was the original humpty dumpty ?
who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
who is the voyager project manager ?
who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
who was the first taiwanese president ?
who is luke skywalker 's father ?
who was jane goodall ?
who created the comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
who is the current prime minister and president of russia ?
who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
who shot and killed himself while painting wheatfield with crows ?
who was the architect of central park ?
who were the yankee 's frequent enemies ?
who wrote sons and lovers ?
who was the star of leave it to beaver ?
who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ?
who was thucydides ?
who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
who is the fastest guitarist ?
who betrayed norway to the nazis ?
who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ?
who were the picts ?
who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ?
who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ?
who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
who invented the paper clip ?
who created the fantastic four , hulk , and thor ?
who is the composer of `` canon in d major '' ?
who was the author of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
who was camp david named for ?
who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
who won the first world series ?
who is samuel pickering ?
who was credited with saying : `` i never met a man i did n't like '' ?
who created big ben ?
who played the title role in my favorite martian ?
who invented the game scrabble ?
who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
who penned : `` neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
who headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ?
who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
who made stonehenge ?
who 's the founder and editor of the national review ?
who was the first governor of west virginia ?
who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ?
who started the dominos pizza chain ?
who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ?
who was known as the time master in comic books ?
who is the father of the computer ?
who said : `` old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
who 's the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
who is the pope ?
who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ?
who was william henry harrison ?
who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
who directed the wild bunch ?
who runs andy capp 's favorite pub ?
who invented the game bowling ?
who is the creator of `` the muppets '' ?
who asked you to do the loco-motion with her in 1962 ?
who made the first surfboard ?
who is the greek god of the sea ?
who was the first woman governor of wyoming ?
who was charles lindbergh 's wife ?
who sings angel eyes from the 80 's ?
who wrote ` hamlet ' ?
who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ?
who is shirley maclaine ?
who wrote ` the pines of rome ' ?
who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
who won world war ii ?
who was garrett morgan married to ?
who is ishmael in moby dick ?
who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
who was whitcomb judson ?
who shoplifts ?
who said : `` the victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
who is langston hughes ?
who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
who is the prophet of medina ?
who is the queen of holland ?
who says , `` if you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
who is johnny carson ?
who painted `` soft self-portrait with grilled bacon '' ?
who killed caesar ?
who is count cinzano ?
who 's won the most oscars for costume design ?
who wrote the red badge of courage ?
who invented the road traffic cone ?
who won the battle of gettysburg ?
who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
who is stephen hawking ?
what actor came to dinner in guess who 's coming to dinner ?
who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ?
who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric lady land ?
who wrote : `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
who played the part of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ?
who invented the wonderbra ?
who owns the st. louis rams ?
who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ?
who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
who is the sexiest women in the world ?
who was the supreme god of germanic religion ?
who 's played the most games for the new york yankees ?
who won the superbowl in ?
who directed citizen kane ?
who said : `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
who is the premier of china ?
who was the president of vichy france ?
who first broke the sound barrier ?
who was scrooge 's dead partner in dickens 's a christmas carol ?
who recorded the 1957 hit tammy ?
who is mia farrow 's mother ?
who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television show ?
who sent the brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ?
who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president 's men ?
who was tiny tim 's father ?
who was bonnie blue butler 's father ?
who is the antichrist ?
who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
who wrote the farmer 's almanac ?
who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
who was quetzalcoatl ?
who is the prime minister of japan ?
who wrote the book , `` song of solomon '' ?
who is the president of the spanish government ?
who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
who invented the stethoscope ?
who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
who developed potlatch ?
who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ?
who was the first king of england ?
who killed kurt cobain ?
who created the monster in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
who was the first man to return to space ?
who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
who shot billy the kid ?
who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ?
who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ?
who 's baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
who did arthur h. bremer try to assassinate on may 15 , 1972 ?
who was shakespeare 's moorish general ?
who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ?
who famously rode to warn the people of massachusetts that the british were coming ?
who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ?
who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
who turned all he touched to gold ?
who plays shortstop for charlie brown 's baseball team ?
who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ?
who was the last u.s. president to reinstate selective service registration ?
who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ?
who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
who should i call to get a tour of the new york stock exchange ?
who portrayed w.c. fields in the film w.c. fields and me ?
who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
who was hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
who was the lawyer for randy steven craft ?
who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners ?
who wrote brave new world ?
who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
who created the world wide web , www ?
who were leaders of the byzantine empire ?
who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
who built the first pyramid ?
who is the nebbish that is marvel 's official mascot ?
who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
who was damocles ?
who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ?
who founded the unification church ?
who invented the lawnmower ?
who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ?
who killed lee harvey oswald ?
who was red grange ?
who invented the fax machine ?
who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
who was santos-dumont ?
who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
who is robin williams ?
who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
who created `` the muppets '' ?
who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
who was the king who signed the magna carta ?
who is the leader of india ?
who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ?
who wrote `` the pit and the pendulum '' ?
who is the incredible hulk in reality ?
who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ?
who played al jolson in the jolson story ?
who played emperor palpatine in star wars ?
who is king in alley oop 's home of moo ?
who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
who wrote the bible ?
who is henry butler ?
who made the first airplane ?
who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
who is john macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
who is peter weir ?
who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
who are woody woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
who created maudie frickett ?
who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ?
who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ?
who liberated 19th century sicily and naples ?
who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ?
who is samuel f. pickering ?
who founded the modern theory of probability ?
who 's the king of swing ?
who won the 1968 california democratic primary ?
who spoke the only word in mel brooks 's silent movie ?
who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ?
who wrote ` dubliners ' ?
who is malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
who said `` give me liberty or give me death '' ?
who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
who declared : `` i think i 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ?
who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
who accompanied space ghost on his missions ?
who was israel 's first prime minister ?
who is desmond tutu ?
who was the first person to study the stars ?
who is the author of the book , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
who did doris day mean when she said : `` i call him ernie because he 's certainly no rock '' ?
who is the owner of cnn ?
who markets spaghetti-o 's ?
who co-starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
who was ezra taft benson ?
who is pia zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
who was the first american world chess champion ?
who was the last woman executed in england ?
who is prince naseem hamed ?
who made the first airplane that could fly ?
who was international olympic committee chairman at the 1936 summer games ?
who were the `` filthiest people alive ?
what is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` hajo ?
what is the meaning of w.b. yeat 's poem , `` the three hermits ?
what films featured the character popeye doyle ?
what fowl grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
what is the full form of .com ?
what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
what team did baseball 's st. louis browns become ?
what is the oldest profession ?
what are liver enzymes ?
what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
what sprawling u.s. state boasts the most airports ?
what did the only repealed amendment to the u.s. constitution deal with ?
what is `` nine inch nails '' ?
what is an annotated bibliography ?
what is the date of boxing day ?
what articles of clothing are tokens in monopoly ?
what 's the olympic motto ?
what is the origin of the name ` scarlett ' ?
what 's the second-most-used vowel in english ?
what is the highest waterfall in the united states ?
what does the abbreviation aids stand for ?
what does a spermologer collect ?
what do mormons believe ?
in what religion was isis the nature goddess ?
what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
what was cash-conscious colonel edwin l. drake the first to drill ?
what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the book stirred-not shaken ?
what isps exist in the caribbean ?
what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ?
what country do the galapagos islands belong to ?
what is ethology ?
what is the nature of learning ?
what 's the only color johnny cash wears on stage ?
what 's the term for a young fox ?
what u.s. state lived under six flags ?
what is the kashmir issue ?
what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
what country 's capital is tirana ?
what is titanium ?
what is a caldera ?
what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims ?
what are cushman and wakefield known for ?
what body of water does the danube river flow into ?
what does the six-footed musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
what is the history of skateboarding ?
what 19th-century painter died in the marquesas islands ?
the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
what country did the nazis occupy for ? .
what is nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
what is the origin of head lice ?
what is the nickname for the state of mississippi ?
what was the first domesticated bird ?
what country did king wenceslas rule ?
what is a fear of shadows ?
what causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
what are bear and bull markets ?
what j.r.r. tolkien book features bilbo baggins as the central character ?
what is `` dew point '' ?
what is the meaning of jesus ?
what company 's logo is a `` w '' in a circle ?
what is the definition of a cascade ?
when did rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
what country 's national passenger rail system is called via ?
what is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
what did delilah do to samson 's hair ?
what kind of animals were in the paleozoic era ?
what u.s. state is fort knox in ?
what is a female rabbit called ?
what are the world 's four oceans ?
what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
what is the largest snake in the world ?
in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
what 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
what does the georgetown `` hoya '' mean ?
what is the historical relationship of catholic church and bingo ?
what crooner joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ?
what piano company claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ?
what is a transistor ?
what is a film starring jude law ?
what hollywood dog died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
what are the most common elements in the earth 's crust ?
what actress has received the most oscar nominations ?
what are equity securities ?
what is gymnophobia ?
what was the name of the `` little rascals '' dog ?
what city boasts penn 's landing , on the banks of the delaware river ?
what broadway musical was inspired by cervantes 's don quixote ?
what is the origin of the word . ?
what does inri stand for when used on jesus ' cross ?
what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
what part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
what two south american countries do n't border brazil ?
what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
what poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' . ?
what is a dental root canal ?
what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
what is the busiest air travel season ?
what 's the colored part of the eye called ?
what are hook worms ?
what sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the mojave desert ?
in what year did thatcher become prime minister ?
in what year was de gaulle elected president of france ?
on what t.v. show could tom terrific be found ?
what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing battle with ?
what is the name of the city that maurizio pellegrin lives in ?
what is the 401 , k , plan ?
what causes pneumonia ?
what are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
what does gringo mean ?
what country contains africa 's northernmost point ?
what therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
what city is sometimes called gotham ?
what dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
what dummy received an honorary degree from northwestern university ?
what countries have the largest areas of forest ?
what is eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
what actor said in a day at the races : `` either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
what explorer was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
cnn began broadcasting in what year ?
what is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
what makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in judaism called ?
what was the education system in the 1960 's ?
what south american city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
what is betsy ross famous for ?
what is `` snoogans '' ?
what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
what organization 's offices were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
what is the design of the ship titanic ?
what does s.o.s. stand for ?
what is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
what is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
what four forms does gold occur in ?
what is the acreage of the chappellet vineyard ?
what two european countries entered the war of american independence against the british ?
what is the filmmakers collabrative ?
what russian composer 's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and fortune ?
what caused harry houdini 's death ?
what is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
what 's the slowest olympic swimming stroke ?
what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
what disease is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ?
what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
what is the contents of proposition 98 ?
what is paracetamol ?
what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern 's ring ?
what diminutive american female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 olympics ?
what is the origin of the name katie ?
what schools in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn . ?
what instrument is ray charles best known for playing ?
what 's the meaning of the latin battle cry : ad arma , ad arma . ?
what is the mascot for notre dame university ?
what las vegas hotel burned in november , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
cnn is the abbreviation for what ?
what is a canada two-penny black ?
what european city do nicois live in ?
what is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its success ?
what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
what did brontosauruses eat ?
what color bottles do good rhine wines come in ?
what is molybdenum ?
when is boxing day ?
what is the lowest level of the american judiciary ?
what 's the official animal of canada ?
what is the size of the largest akita ?
what animal has the biggest eyes ?
what is california 's capital ?
what european country is home to the beer-producing city of budweis ?
what is the history of valentine 's day cards ?
what do italians call florence ?
what does ` psi ' stand for ?
what sea did the romans call mare nostrum ?
what 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
what city did the flintstones live in ?
what is latin for incompetent ?
what chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
what toy company is the world 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
what board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
what is the abbreviation for micro ?
what are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
what does nasdaq stand for ?
what is bph ?
what is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the us ?
what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home games in ?
what was einstein 's iq ?
what day was pearl harbor attacked in 1942 ?
what girl 's name is `` teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
what state is john f. kennedy buried in ?
what is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
what u.s. state has an element named for it ?
what company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ?
what is the deepest area of the arctic ocean ?
what are halloween 's colors ?
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
what is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
what is the population of ohio ?
hazmat stands for what ?
what creature scares people in the film `` jaws '' ?
what part did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ?
what are the four elements ?
what 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
what is answers.com 's address ?
what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
what are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
what are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
what actor first portrayed james bond ?
what ocean is the largest in the world ?
what year did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour ?
what causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
what does it mean `` rupee depreciates '' ?
what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
what jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
what is dudley do-right 's horse 's name ?
what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
what soviet leader owned a rolls-royce ?
what war did florence nightingale tend the troops in ?
what is the abbreviation of the company name ` general motors ' ?
what mountains lie between the arkansas and missouri rivers ?
what is the function of ram ?
what 's the closest g2 spectrum yellow dwarf to earth ?
what is the fear of cockroaches called ?
what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
what is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy craft ?
what united states president had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
what film did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ?
what product does `` mrs. olsen '' promote ?
what is dry ice ?
what 's the most powerful card in euchre ?
what does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
what crop failure caused the irish famine ?
what south korean city is served by kimpo international airport ?
what is the longest-running television series ?
what predators exist on antarctica ?
what is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
what beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
what is the quantity of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12 ?
what are the different types of plastic ?
what was the highest mountain on earth before mount everest was discovered ?
what country 's people are the top television watchers ?
what polynesian people inhabit new zealand ?
what movie tour of the roman empire features the admonition : `` row well and live '' ?
what nevada center has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ?
what president lived at 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ?
what is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
what are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
what famous model was married to billy joel ?
what kind of animal is babar ?
what is jane goodall known for ?
what killed bob marley ?
what does the name billie mean ?
what is the highest peak in africa ?
what desert has been called the garden of allah ?
what do bicornate animals have two of ?
what function does a community 's water tower serve ?
what is a fear of weakness ?
what does g.m.t. stand for ?
what does inuit and eskimo mean ?
what song served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ?
what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
what actor 's autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ?
what russian master spy lived in the u.s. under the name emil goldfus ?
what 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
what makes popcorn pop ?
what country did king gustav v reign over from 197 to 195 ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
in what area of the world was the six day war fought ?
what is the brightest star visible from earth ?
what film marked robert redford 's directorial debut ?
what was mao 's second name ?
what film or films has jude law appeared in ?
what 's the most commonly-spoken language in belgium ?
what are maid-rites ?
what children 's tale contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
what do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
what caused the lynmouth floods ?
when is the tulip festival in michigan ?
what movie did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ?
what type of bridge is the golden gate bridge ?
what dictator has the nickname `` el maximo '' ?
what stereo manufacturer is `` slightly ahead of its time '' ?
what u.s. city is the queen of the pacific ?
what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
what was the first lifesaver flavor ?
what spanish artist painted crucifixion ?
what is the jewish bible called ?
what is a firewall ?
what spy novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ?
what was known as the spice island ?
who was the first host of person to person ?
what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
what does the statue of liberty wear on her feet ?
mccarren airport is located in what city ?
what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
what was the name of betty boop 's dog ?
what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
what was the bridge of san luis rey made of ?
what do economists do ?
what country has the largest sheep population ?
what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ?
what country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
what does sids stand for ?
what is grenada 's main commodity export ?
what makes a clitoris sensitive ?
what country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
what `` magic '' does mandrake employ ?
what was introduced commercially by bayer a.g. of leverkusen , in 1899 ?
what city is logan airport in ?
what is a nanometer ?
what is the largest city on the great lakes ?
what is the telephone number for the university of kentucky ?
what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
what city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
what does `` janelle '' mean ?
what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian horse ?
what is a fear of thunder ?
what animal has killed the most people ?
what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
what kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
what then-derogatory term was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
what is a wop ?
what is the best college in the country ?
what is viscosity ?
what was the name of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
what are the nordic nations ?
what u.s. state borders illinois to the north ?
what is the temperature for baking peachy oat muffins ?
what is a fear of bees ?
what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
what is a green bog ?
what does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
what city is served by logan international airport ?
what wrestling star became `` the incredible hulk '' ?
what attracts tourists to reims ?
what game do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid ?
what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ?
what 's an auberge in france ?
who was the star of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
what army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ?
what does ribavirin consist of ?
what is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
what was her real name ?
what was the name of that popular song the creeps sang ?
what is a fear of being alone ?
what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
what plant has the largest seed ?
what was the only country you were allowed to drive into israel from in 1979 ?
what 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` oil '' ?
what baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
what video game hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
what is the longest word in the english language ?
in what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
what is `` the bear of beers '' ?
what does the name `` justin '' mean ?
what percentage of the body is muscle ?
what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
what is a golf ball made of ?
what is the amish religion ?
what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ?
what is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
what animals do you find in the stock market ?
what is color ?
what did shostakovich write for rostropovich ?
what first name was nipsy russell given at birth ?
what is a jellicle cat ?
what is bill gates of microsoft e-mail address ?
what is the second hardest substance ?
what russian city boasts the hermitage museum ?
what makes a tornado turn ?
what two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
what is artificial intelligence ?
what do flatfish eat ?
what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
what day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
what is the origin of the word , magic ?
what sport do you shag flies in ?
what is white chocolate ?
what kind of wine is spumante ?
who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ?
what does the name gina mean ?
what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
what is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
what are shooting stars ?
what 's the tallest building in new york city ?
what is the motto for the state of maryland ?
what kind of books does fodor 's publish ?
what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh-in ?
what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
what asian leader was known as the little brown saint ?
what is the abbreviated expression for the national bureau of investigation ?
what is the highest mountain in the world ?
what arch can you see from the place de la concorde ?
what is a fear of passing high objects ?
what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
what are the top ten most common girl names in the us ?
what is the rarest coin ?
what judith rossner novel was made into a film starring diane keaton ?
what is a fear of parasites ?
what was the name of the daughter of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ?
what is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
what 2 statues did france give to other countries ?
what are amphibians ?
woodrow wilson served as president of what university ?
what 's the nickname of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
what is the fear of being loved ?
what was the number of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
what was queen victoria 's title regarding india ?
what type of food makes you fat ?
what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
what kind of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
what are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
what is the plural of gulf ?
what year did the united states pass the copyright law ?
what percentage of americans own their homes ?
what 's the first day of the week ?
what city was president william mckinley shot in ?
what city has the world 's longest subway system ?
what is bombay duck ?
what double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
what are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
what 19th-century writer had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
what is a virtual ip address ?
what was the name of the cook on rawhide ?
what county is chicago in ?
what is the wingspan of a condor ?
what facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
what 's the literary term for a play on words ?
what color were their horses ?
what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
what author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
what kind of education do i need to become a flight attendant ?
what are the two languages of malta ?
what happened during the blackhawk indian war of 1832 ?
what does the latin ante mortem mean ?
what does the name shawn mean ?
what do you call a group of geese ?
what is the longest place name in the u.s. ?
what percent liked thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
what was mel gibson 's first movie ?
what horse did zorro ride ?
what former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` space man '' ?
what was michelangelo 's last name ?
what was connecticut 's first constitution called ?
what historical event happened in dogtown in 1899 ?
what is being done about the millennium bug ?
what was the claim to fame of king camp gillette ?
what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the u.s. ?
what is olestra ?
what asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
what are two plants that clothes are made from ?
when was hurricane hugo ?
what is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
what president-to-be was the first member of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ?
what was the price of varian associates ' vacuum products division ?
when was `` the great depression '' ?
what language is mostly spoken in brazil ?
what college produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ?
what is prepared mustard ?
what classical spanish writer warned : `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
what does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
what actor married john f. kennedy 's sister ?
what does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
what type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
what is colin powell best known for ?
what city is the setting for puccini 's opera la boheme ?
what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
what is measured in curies ?
what former president 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
what fictional character is known as the `` melancholy dane '' ?
italy is the largest producer of what ?
what longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
what infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
what is spumante ?
in what year did ireland elect its first woman president ?
what is an isthmus ?
what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
what is mississippi 's state animal ?
what 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ?
what is the real name of disc jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
what italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
what city houses the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble ?
what soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
what does nafta stand for ?
what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ?
what are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
what do manatees eat ?
what were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
what is november 's birthstone ?
what is a certified nurse midwife ?
what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
what is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
what is the longest english word ?
what is the purpose of a car bra ?
what is d.b. cooper known for ?
what species is a colt ?
what is the full name of the plo ?
what is the smallest country in africa ?
what age followed the bronze age ?
what is her profession ?
what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
what does the word laser mean ?
what does the name `` anthony '' mean ?
what is a rhomboideus minor ?
what u.s. congressman said : `` keep the faith , baby '' .
what is the student population at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
what party was winston churchill a member of ?
what american league baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
what state does martha stewart live in ?
what are the benelux countries ?
what is a language spoken by the sioux ?
what american poet wrote : `` good fences make good neighbors '' ?
what state in the u.s. has the most blacks ?
what was the occupation of mandy rice-davies ?
what is the city in which maurizio pellegrin lives called ?
what breed of dog was the `` little rascals '' dog ?
what are the living conditions in cuba ?
what color are school buses ?
what is the oldest website on the internet ?
what events happened january 26 , 1978 ?
what explorers followed columbus to the americas ?
what are the seven virtues ?
what other name were the `` little rascals '' known as ?
what is a fear of food ?
what year did the vietnam war end ?
what are the names of richard nixon 's two daughters ?
what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
what organization was founded by the rev. jerry falwell ?
what 's the longest river in the world ?
what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
what year did germany sign its nonaggression pact with the soviet union ?
what mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
what 's the sacred river of india ?
what is stefan edberg 's native country ?
what is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
what astronomical phenomenon takes place in jan. 1999 ?
what information can you get me on fairground park in st. louis
what was american folk hero john chapman 's nickname ?
what is the difference between a median and a mean ?
what was the top box office movie in april 1998 ?
what makes thunder ?
what author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest man i ever met '' ?
what plant is rum made from ?
what country are godiva chocolates from ?
what u.s. state records the least rainfall ?
what was archy , and mehitabel ?
what texas city got its name from the spanish for `` yellow '' ?
what are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
what country did the nile river originate in ?
what color are tennis balls ?
what barroom judge called himself the law west of the pecos ?
what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
what sports event is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ?
what country has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy ?
what two countries share the khyber pass ?
what is the origin of the surname of braun ?
what card game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
what is australia day ?
what mammal of north america is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
what was the chivington massacre ?
what actor starred in 1980 's blue lagoon , 1982 's the pirate movie and 1983 's a night in heaven ?
in what city is the headquarters of sinn fein ?
what is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
what does the word camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ?
what is the aim-54c phoenix ?
what sport is chris jogis a top player of ?
what 's the second-largest island in the world ?
what is the definition of low island ?
what century does captain video live in ?
what types of water pollution are there ?
what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
what 's the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ?
what are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
what is the difference between neoclassical art and romanticism art ?
what golfer has been called ohio fats and blobbo ?
what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
what does god create in the first sentence of the bible ?
what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ?
what does nn o `` mean when used as a prefix in irish surnames ?
what is the state nickname of mississippi ?
what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ?
what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
what holidays are celebrated in ireland ?
what are the greek numerals ?
what 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of laos ?
what is a fear of sleep ?
what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
what are the most common breeding birds in the u.s. ?
what was organized as a confederate veterans ' social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
what is an example of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ?
